add `clear` flag to remove everything from output directory before bu… (#2)
mms-uret/sbs: readme.md

        cmd: the command to build this build step, required
        timeout: seconds the command has to execute before it timeouts, defaults to 3600
        working_dir: if the working directory of the command is not the project root, specify it here

>         clear: if the output directly should be cleared before building, optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        clear: if the output directly should be cleared before building, defaults to false
```
